https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-18037 (#7600)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_whats_new.adoc

[#governance-whats-new]
== Governance

> * In earlier versions, only policy frameworks could resolve hub templates, requiring you to put the `ConfigurationPolicy` into a `Policy` on the hub cluster for distribution through the `Placement`. Now you can use the `governance-standalone-hub-templating` addon in the `ManagedClusterAddOn` to define the `ConfigurationPolicy` on your managed clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In earlier versions, the policy framework on the hub was required to resolve hub templates, requiring you to put the `ConfigurationPolicy` into a `Policy` on the hub cluster for distribution through the `Placement`. Now you can use the `governance-standalone-hub-templating` addon to resolve hub templates directly on managed clusters, when the `ConfigurationPolicy` is created outside of the policy framework.
```
